Add API Gateway dashboard and alarms (#13)
fourTheorem/slic-watch: README.md

The `topic` configuration must be configured with the ARN of an SNS Topic.

> Alarm configuration is _cascading_. This means any property is applied to lower levels where no override is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alarm configuration is _cascading_. This means that configuration properties are automatically propagated from parent to children nodes (unless an override is present at the given node).
```

Not sure if this might make the idea  a bit more clear. We could also add an example.
